welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you an action
thriller film from 2020 titled unhinged
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
it's a particularly rainy night and the
man is seen sitting in his pickup
he's obviously troubled first he takes
his wedding band off and throws it away
lights a match and then gets out of the
car with a gas canister and a hammer in
his hand
breaching the house doors he alerts the
inhabitants that run toward him
only to be violently taken down he pours
gas
all over the house and lights it on fire
as he drives away
the house blows up rachel is sleeping on
the sofa and gets woken up by andy
her lawyer and best friend he tells her
that her soon-to-be ex-husband wants her
house and that they should file an
objection
she cuts the conversation short when her
son comes in and tells her that she
should get dressed or they'll be late
the son kyle is in the dining room with
his uncle fred who's talking to his
elderly mother
the violent attack from earlier is being
mentioned on the news saying the man was
the woman's ex-husband with a history of
substance abuse and violence
fred and kyle talk as rachel searches
for her candy cane scissors
fred's girlfriend joins them on the
table and they talk about their
financial problems
particularly about their mother's
nursing home cost she leaves with kyle
and they get in their terribly old car
they end up stuck in traffic and argue
about taking the freeway
the mom decides to do it even though her
son protests
saying they're going to be late while
driving she gets a call
from her husband and the kid picks up
happy to talk to his father
he's disappointed almost immediately
when his father cancels their plans to
go to a game
as the mom tries to lessen the blow to
make matters worse
they still end up in a traffic jam on
the freeway and his mom gets another
call
this time from a client when she can't
lie herself out of the situation
and the client realizes she'll be late
again rachel gets fired
the son teases her a little bit to cheer
her up then suggests they take the next
exit from the freeway and go trough the
service streets
coming out of the freeway they stop on a
red light behind a grey pickup
when the pickup doesn't move as the
light changes she starts honking and
drives around him
on the next light he pulls up next to
their car it's the man that set the
house on fire
he asked them to roll their windows down
and kyle does it
rachel and the man have an awkward back
and forth with him patronizing her and
then apologizing
expecting her to do the same but she
snaps back at him disagreeing
he gets rattle and angrier threatening
her that she will find out what a bad
day really means
kyle is scared and asks her to go the
man starts following them and cuts them
off
twice rachel takes another route and
manages to get kyle to school very late
she calls andy and asks him to meet her
for breakfast in 20 minutes
promising not to be late even though
she's low on gas
rachel stops at a gas station sets the
pump and goes inside to get a few other
things
when she goes to the cashier to pay she
sees the grey pickup parked behind her
car
worried she tells the cashier and a guy
standing in line next to her that the
man in the pickup has been following her
after an argument
the guy says he'll walk her out and get
his plates as she fuels the tank and
gets in the car
the guys tells her the man's plates she
drives off and then the guy stays behind
telling the man and the pickup not to
follow
suddenly the man rams him over into the
street and he gets hit by a second car
while the pickup continues to chase
after rachel she tries to lose him on
the way
but they get stuck in a traffic jam
again with him right behind her
he rams in her car over and over but no
one reacts
they start driving again and rachel
can't find her phone to call for help
the man pulls up next to her and shows
her that he has her phone
she drives off causing an accident on
the way and almost running over a woman
thinking she finally lost him she pulls
up into a parking lot to hide and calm
her nerves
meanwhile andy is waiting for rachel in
a diner calling her but getting only
voicemail
the man with a pickup walks in and heads
straight for andy
he lies to him and says he's an old
friend of rachel's then sits down and
chats him up
they talk about scary experiences with
road rage and about rachel's divorce the
man is defending her soon-to-be
ex-husband and andy gets uncomfortable
so the man lies and says he could get
rachel on the phone and he tells him to
try and gives him his own phone
back at the parking lot rachel is
looking for her tablet when she suddenly
hears ringing
she finds a phone and picks up even
though it's not her phone
the man gives andy his cell phone and he
tells her that he's waiting for her in
the diner with an old fiend of hers
she says she doesn't know anyone by the
name given and he turns the phone over
to the man the moment she starts talking
about him
calling him a psycho explaining what
happened he tells her that she needs to
truly apologize to him in person
which alerts andy that something isn't
right and he asks for his phone back
that's the moment when the man hits andy
with a cup breaking his nose
everyone in the diner gets upset but no
one helps when the man slams his head on
the table
knocking him out he puts rachel on
speaker and continues to talk to her
asking if andy is really just her lawyer
and friend or if she's cheating on her
husband with him
just like his own wife did he tells
rachel to say her last words to andy as
he chokes him and eventually stabs him
while the people in the diner still do
nothing except film the situation
as the man is walking out of the diner
he tells rachel that andy is dead she
tries to plead with him and apologizes
but the man doesn't believe her and
speeds away the man calls her again from
her own phone and starts reciting all
the messages she's gotten
including one from her son's school he
starts toying with her and asking her to
choose who he should kill next from her
contact list
when she refuses he sends all her money
to her husband and threatens to go after
her mom and to burn her house down
rachel chooses herself but he doesn't
accept and asks for another name
she chooses the name of the client that
fired her he hangs up and rachel
immediately calls the police
they arrive at the house of her client
but the man isn't there
back at the house fred is watching what
happened in the diner on the news
there's a strange noise coming from the
other room and his girlfriend doesn't
respond to his calls
he goes to check on her and on the way
he sees the pickup park before the house
the noises continue and it follows them
with a knife on hand
the man appears holding his beaten up
girlfriend and telling him about what
happened with rachel
he says he feels insignificant and that
the only thing he has left is violence
and revenge
so he kills fred's girlfriend and then
sends rachel a photo of him with her
brother
the man calls her again and she tells
him she called the police
which he already knows he checks the
tracker on rachel's phone
sees that she's in front of kyle's
school and tells her that she has three
minutes to pick him up and drive away or
he'll kill fred
he tells fred to write her a letter
blaming her for his girlfriend's death
all the while pouring gasoline on him
meanwhile
rachel gets her son out of school as
they're driving away she calls the man
back
telling him she is kyle the man tells
her to put him on speaker or he'll light
her brother on fire
he makes fred read the letter he wrote
saying rachel is responsible for
everything that has happened and that
he'll never see another sunrise again
suddenly a police officer walks into the
house and the man hides behind fred
he lights fred on fire and runs but the
cop shoots him in the shoulder
rachel can hear everything happening on
the phone she stops the car and breaks
down
as kyle tries to comfort her the phone
rings again
it's the man telling her fred is dead he
threatens kyle
but she threatens him back done with all
of his garbage and smashes the phone
her and kyle get in the car and head to
the police station
on the way there they realize that he
might be tracking them with rachel's
tablet
kyle finds it tapped beneath her seat
and wants to throw it out the window
but rachel has the idea to track the man
with a tablet like he tracked them
before
kyle realizes that he's right in front
of them having stolen her neighbor's van
they see a police car in front as well
and rachel tells kyle to put his
seatbelt on
pulling up on the side of the van headed
straight to the police car
kyle tries to get the cops attention but
the man figures out what they're doing
and rams the police car
causing a massive car crash he keeps
following them and catching up
kyle calls the police from the tablet
but they tell them that they can't do
anything to help
the tablet runs out of battery and they
are left on their own
rachel decides to go to her mother's
house where the neighborhood is just
complicated enough to slow the man down
a little
she speeds up and he follows causing car
crashes on the way
she manages to trick him and lose him
for a moment just long enough to get to
her mother's house and let kyle inside
when he gets there he activates the
panic button on the alarm
then gets a flashlight and hides
upstairs in a secret compartment
meanwhile the man is riding around in
the neighborhood looking for them
he sees the car and stops to take his
meds and gather himself
suddenly rachel rams into him with
another car she walks up to his car
but he grabs and pins her to the ground
he tells her that she'll always remember
him what she could have done to save her
boy
with rachel down he goes after kyle in
the house
calling for him lying it's the police
the kid makes a noise and rachel appears
in the hiding spot
but so does the man they fight with the
man going after kyle constantly and
rachel relentlessly attacking him so he
can't get to him
he knocks her over and starts strangling
her son but she finds her candy cane
scissors and stabs him
finally killing him the police
eventually arrive at the house
rachel and kyle are approached by the
police officer that found fred and he
tells her that he's still alive
they drive toward the hospital to see
him making sure they don't anger anyone
else on their way there
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching